The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System
Mercury is the smallest planet in the Solar System and the closest to the Sun
Venus is the second planet from the Sun. It is sometimes called Earth's \"sister\" or \"twin\" planet as it is almost as large and has a similar composition.
Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life.
Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second-smallest planet in the Solar System, being larger than only Mercury.
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. It is a gas giant with a mass more than two and a half times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined, but slightly less than one-thousandth the mass of the Sun. Jupiter is the third brightest natural object in the Earth's night sky after the Moon and Venus, and it has been observed since prehistoric times 
Saturn is the sixth planet from the Sun and the second-largest in the Solar System, after Jupiter. It is a gas giant with an average radius of about nine and a half times that of Earth.[23][24] It has only one-eighth the average density of Earth; however, with its larger volume, Saturn is over 95 times more massive.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun.
Neptune is the eighth planet from the Sun and the farthest known solar planet. In the Solar System, it is the fourth-largest planet by diameter, the third-most-massive planet, and the densest giant planet. 
Pluto (minor-planet designation: 134340 Pluto) is a dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt, a ring of bodies beyond the orbit of Neptune. It is the ninth-largest and tenth-most-massive known object to directly orbit the Sun. 
The Moon is Earth's only natural satellite. Its diameter is about one-quarter the diameter of the Earth (comparable to the width of Australia). 
An asteroid is a minor planet of the inner Solar System. Sizes and shapes of asteroids vary significantly, ranging from 1-meter rocks to a dwarf planet almost 1000 km in diameter; they are rocky, metallic or icy bodies with no atmosphere. 
